Matsuri
“ Ma, Tsu, Ri, huh? 
 As lively as a festival?
 Maybe. ”   

Matsuri is an exceptionally attractive girl whose beauty is like a dream. Guess what? Like those in movies, she didn’t have a single close friend, more like she didn’t want one. Because of her isolated nature, no one attempted to be so close with her either. She talked less, studied more and drew some sketches. That was all I knew about her then.
Her self-isolation left much unknown about her, which is why my curiosity about her started and that curiosity later led to a rather naïve affection. Many months had passed and she finally began to notice me. And I knew it was the time. Behold my love letter to her

“Dear Matsuri, 
Your lips, your smile, your eyes,
Painting colors to my heart,
Now I just wanna feel nothing but love,
Flower Festival, Summer Festival,
With each choice you decide,
Promising you wear the brightest smile,
In this world so wide.
 Love, …….”

 Matsuri read the poem and I thought I saw her smiling. In fact, I literally cracked her up. Matsuri was laughing so hard. Then, still laughing, she said, 

“Did you just copy some lyrics from Fuji Kaze?” 

I was also starting to laugh but later she said, 

“I like the way you wrote it but bro, I just can’t bear with those stuffs.” 

I couldn’t believe she called me “bro”. I hated the “bro” part but the rest was somehow relatable. She said she would consider it. Two weeks later, she accepted me as her boyfriend. I asked her why it took two weeks; she said she forgot. That was a fact. Our relationship was all about discussions and criticisms. 
Matsuri does love paintings. She can feel and even understand the slightest details in them. That’s why she can confidently criticize facts. 

“What is the most common interest among people?” She asked. 

I couldn’t get her kind of answer.

“Another People.” she said. The answers were always like that. She once remarked,

“Some people are like cilantro or pineapple pizza. Hated by many, yet they persist because a faction desires them.”

One day, out of the blue, she asked me if I would still be interested in her if she spoke with a different accent and had a distinct complexion. I recognized these questions as traps, so I remained silent. Matsuri then said, 

“Men are often known as racists, and women as narcissists, while pineapple pizzas only attempt to pretend. I suppose you're not a pineapple pizza.”

Matsuri was somehow strange and I never freaked out. 

“There’s one thing about me you need to know if I happen to disappear.”

“I came from the future.” She added.

I chuckled at first, but her eyes seemed to be honest. I couldn’t help but continue to laugh, and in response, she literally punched me in the face. A while later, I asked her “How?”, and she said nothing. I realized my question was wrong. “How” was something I could visualize, but “Why” was the one thing I would only know if she chose to tell me. So, I quickly changed my question, and luckily, I wasn't too late.

“People are becoming intolerably uncivilized and I just can’t help but be selfish. You know? I wished to go back to like 2018 but I ended up being here where Ed Sheeran started to sing shits.”
 
Well, she got a point. Matsuri elaborated on the whole story as it really happened. 

“Do you still keep your hair short in the future?” I asked.

“Maybe I will.” she replied, and I knew the story was fake all along.

About two months later, Matsuri left without a trace. I was unable to contact her because during our relationship, we only communicated in person as she hated social media and phone calls. I had no idea where she went. Perhaps her family had moved to another town or country, or maybe she had returned to the future. 

During those two months, I realized Matsuri I knew was just unusually typical. She mentioned how much she disliked songs that went into unnecessary details about love. She seemed to have forgotten how much she loved One Direction. She also told me stories about a country where people celebrated all kinds of festivals frequently throughout the year, though she often called them “freaks.” Still, I knew she secretly admired them because their traditions aligned with the meaning of her name. She loved her name so much that she would get mad at me whenever I called her “Mystery” instead of “Matsuri”. I once asked her,

“What about you? How would you describe yourself? A pineapple pizza or what?”

“Well, I am a Matsuri you know.” she replied.

(a complete one-shot fiction)
8.9.2023